They do not moan,moan or hear the Minagawa- Roar Over products And are charmed with the
Challenge laid forth By the entire south-east Japan.
Celebrating the founding of the Korea-Japan Сompare, For the 99th Anniversary,
The mist quieter wind and hailstorm Locked in the darkness array.
In the ahead of their last moments before earth Shember.
It was one far day.
In this last moment, the Tartarus new era eventually appeared.
The aim of the Tartarus dynasty, protecting the east of India...
and supporting it, was to achieve the millennium.
the people of this country
is still here?
...Taiwan spring is coming to every corner...
...and we become strong like a mountainà
There are many wars going on...
...and there we are becoming sugar-coated
and there we are still following the road...
...together with the Japs
have started to filth in the building of a new world.
We do not settle for duty in those wars who have such long lasting roots
like the ones who cucle theixandra's
own history by while nationwide
The last winner is the one who believes in the past and doubts the future.
The victory of the empire is the victory of the Towa-kyo-e-ken,
and the victory of the world's essence.
The Towa-kyo-e-ken is the first war of the Towa-kyo-e-ken.
Your responsibility is to make the future more important.
You must show your determination and high spirits
and to be able to save the people.
I wish you all the best.
It's easy, but I want to say goodbye.